###Overview
*In the Wake: On Blackness and Being* by Christina Sharpe, she terms the paradox of blackness within denial of black humanity as 'the wake'. From what it appears in the introduction, the book explores the continued exclusion of blacks from general society in every aspect of life from the political to the social. Her question is whether anything survives this insistent black exclusion, and explores the answer through black expressive culture such as poetry and performance. Throughout the chapter, Sharpe utilized different definitions of the word *wake* depending on the current context of her story. This introduces the reader to the vast array of words and worlds associated with such a simple sounding title. She works with the 'afterlife of slavery', the inheritance of a 'non status' that continuously criminalizes black lives and bodies. Black life in the wake is to live without the right to decide or even know what will happen to your own body in the next minute. She speaks of engaging in 'wake work', a form of living in the present while recalling the past. 

*Do You Know What It Means to Miss New Orleans?: Katrina, Trap Economics, and the Rebirth of the Blues* by Clyde Adrian Woods opens with 'blues moments'. These are the moments of sadness and despair that accompany black existence. The blues provided a way of escape, a way of dealing with the black reality. It was their triumphant music Summarizing the tenacious relationship America has with blacks is summed up in the quote 'arrival of desperate African Americans... was accompanied by both an outpouring of sympathy and surging gun sales'. The article documents the Katrina disaster, and the events that led up to such a disastrous handling of events before and after the hurricane. He goes on to speak of the African American resistance in New Orleans throughout time, and how New Orleans is the symbol of black dignity and determinism in this country. To lose it would be an unimaginable tragedy.  
###Reflection
The readings for this week were phenomenal.Centralized on the idea of black blues, these readings further extended what we had learned earlier about the paradox of being black in America and the role black culture such as music plays in combating the reason behind the blues.

What Sharpe said about living in a history and present of terror as a part of blackness was very true. I feel that throughout class, we have been learning why there has been such a history of terror in this country for blacks, and how that fear has transformed in the present day. It was interesting to see her reprimand Obama for his admonishment of black fathers and his complicity in numerous drone strikes on innocent victims in the Middle East, as I have rarely seen African Americans speak negatively of Obama.

"Saving your black behind isn't a priority for the American government, founded on the doctrine of white supremacy." Truer words have never been spoken. This is what America has always been like. Also, what Woods says about people believing with a kind of religious fanaticism that America can do no wrong and is the land of opportunity is something I think was rarely true for people of colour, for people from minority groups, for those who already struggled infinitely more in life that their white counterparts. 
###Comment
To comment on Ellie's Lab Log, I was unaware that Brad Pitt helped fund the rebuilding of houses that were destroyed in Hurricane Katrina. I was also unaware that he wished for these houses to be painted pink, which seems very odd to me. 
###Questions
1. In Christina Sharpe's opinion, would the Oscar's mess up last night between *La La Land* and *Moonlight* have been a further continuation of the 'non-status' that black bodies receive?
2. In the 12 years since Hurricane Katrina, is it possible to see whether the country has realized to a further degree New Orleans cosmic significance? 
3. How can we educate the black community on focused wake work?
